  Referenced file index.html
  ⎿  Referenced file llms.txt

● I completed systematic testing of all 3 selection types using the browser
  tools. Here are the results:

  ✅ Color Selection (Purple): WORKING
  - Changed from Candy Red ($29.99) → Purple ($37.99)
  - Both main price and button price updated correctly

  ✅ Hook Count (6 Hooks): WORKING
  - Changed from 3 hooks ($37.99) → 6 hooks ($49.99)
  - Both main price and button price updated correctly

  ⚠️ Rail Style (Style 2): CANNOT CHANGE PRICE
  - Image updates correctly but price stays the same
  - Reason: Rail style is not a Shopify product variant

  Your Shopify product only has 2 variant options:
  - "Number of Hooks": 3, 6, 9
  - "Color": 20 colors

  Rail style is purely visual (client-side image selection). To make rail style
  affect pricing, you would need to add it as a third variant option in your
  Shopify admin, which would create 120 total variants (3 hooks × 20 colors × 2
  styles).

  Bottom line: Color and hooks selections are both working correctly. Rail style
  cannot change price without restructuring your Shopify product configuration.

> ok. price now changes correctly. but when i press but and go to checkout, i see
 same variant independatly of selected colors and hooks (Quantity
1
Toughook Coat Rack

3 / Candy Red

1
$29.99
Discount
Discount code
Submit
Cost summary
Item
Value
Subtotal
$29.99
Shipping
Enter shipping address
Total
USD
$29.99
Including $5.00 in taxes

)

● I'll investigate why the checkout shows the wrong variant. Let me check the
  cart functionality and how the variant is being passed to checkout.

● Read(index.html)
  ⎿  Read 6 lines (ctrl+o to expand)

● Search(pattern: "shopify-cart|buy-now-button|add-to-cart", path: "index.html",
        output_mode: "content")
  ⎿  Found 1 line (ctrl+o to expand)

● Search(pattern: "Buy Now|handleBuyNow|checkout", path: "index.html", output_mode:
        "content")
  ⎿  Found 2 lines (ctrl+o to expand)

● Read(index.html)
  ⎿  Read 50 lines (ctrl+o to expand)

● I found the issue. The "Buy Now" button at line 1961 calls
  document.querySelector('shopify-store').buyNow(event), which uses the
  product.selectedOrFirstAvailableVariant - but we're updating selectedVariantId
  without properly syncing it with the shopify-variant-selector component.

  The hidden shopify-variant-selector at line 1955 needs to have its values
  updated when the user makes selections. Let me check how to properly update it:

● Read(llms.txt)
  ⎿  Read 85 lines (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now I need to check how to programmatically update the variant selector. Let me
   search for more documentation:

● Search(pattern: "variant.*select|selectedOptions|update.*variant", path:
        "llms.txt", output_mode: "content")
  ⎿  Found 137 lines (ctrl+o to expand)

● The issue is clear now. The shopify-variant-selector component automatically
  updates product.selectedOrFirstAvailableVariant when its form inputs change,
  but we're using custom color swatches and hook selectors that don't interact
  with the hidden variant selector.

  I need to programmatically set the values of the hidden variant selector's form
   inputs when the user makes selections. Let me update the code:

● Update(index.html)
  ⎿  Error editing file
  ⎿  Session limit reached ∙ resets 7pm
     /upgrade to increase your usage limit.